# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
	
	Today     : Add scrum framework documents to project. Proof read 
		        and post the assignment. Send message to all students
		        about the availability of the assignment.
	
	Obstacles : To fully understand the assignment, re-read it and
				work towards satisfying the user stories. 

Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday : Reading and understanding the required expectations from the assignment.
	
	Today     : Built the graphical user interface for JugPuzzle, add to the sprint backlog since it was missed yesterday.
			    Estimating the amount of time each user story in the product backlog chosen will take. Add to daily scrum meeting.
			    Added an observer to JugPuzzle, display the moves and have the buttons displayed. A GUIView was used, and created
			    the action listener class. 
			    
	Obstacles : Implementing the moves method was much harder than expected. Stuck trying to find a way to have the 
				button action listeners interact with the jug moves method. Still managed to complete 2/4 expectations 
				in the spring backlog but the priorities weren't solved in order. Displaying moves was easier than making the 
				move happen.
				
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Completing the GUI foundation and displaying moves using an observer.
	
	Today     : Little progress made, attempted on completing one user story (Make Move).
	
	Obstacles : Still stuck on finding a way to move the jugs using buttons. Also trying to find a way to know which button was 
				pressed first and which button was pressed second to make the proper move. Displaying the moves also was rough to do.
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Stuck on completing the second product backlog, make move.
	
	Today     : Completed the make move backlog as well as the see number of moves and see state jugs. All of the expected
				user stories for the first sprint have been completed, even some extra ones were completed.
				- Won Halts Game
				- Won alert
				Added an extra GUIViewer to view the state of the jugs, implementing it in the same guiviewer as the moves
				caused some trouble. Added a getter to JugPuzzle, to get the amount currently being held in the jug.
				
	Obstacles : To get the restart and quit button to work in the game at any time. To also get the new game or quit game option 
				to work when the game is completed. New Game when Won is half solved since it displays the buttons but they 
				currently have no function.
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : All the work up to the restart and quit buttons accomplished.
	Today     : Day off.
	Obstacles : Day off.
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Day off.
	Today     : Completed all the remaining user stories. Quit Any Time, New Game Any Time, New Game when Won, Won alert
				Won Halts Game.
	Obstacles : Creating the labels and changing the layouts of the frame so that it would display everything properly.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Finished remaining user story.
	Today     : Sick, doctor appointment, sorry for not pushing.
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Doctor appointment, blood test etc etc.
	Today     : Javadoc added, cleaned up code, explained the gui controller frame work. Assignment completed.
	Obstacles : N/A.
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday : Javadoc.
	Today     : N/A.
	Obstacles : N/A.
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : N/A.
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for ontime submission.
	
	Obstacles : !!! Apparently nothing was pushed since Oct 10, I just added whatever I had in my old repo to here again, hope there
				isn't an issue for this.

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
